"Hi"
Excuse me I was busy
Respecting women
My name is the polite boy Pewdiepie
and I've gathered millions of followers like you
who are good boys
we spend most of the time respecting the girls
and putting them to the fore, thinking of how we can be the best
how can we be less cruel dreary, night creatures
Join me because now we will see some of the best guys on the Internet
Like me and like you
or if you are not yet, you can become a good guy
Let's watch the subreddit of good guys and celebrate
for some of the best people on the planet
Good guys
operator: what did you call us? - Please help me, someone has entered my home
Not all men are like that, I would not do that
As a good boy I'm never going to enter into any house of any woman
If it were a man inside, maybe I would think it
but I would make sure the woman felt safe
because I'm a good guy named Pewdiepie
if you are a good boy, you will understand me
I hate "friendzone", make a woman a chocolate coffee and she will not have sex with you
Unbelievable
What are you gaining?
I did this great coffee, to give you everything I had
I made you brown with chocolate, why do not you love me !!
I'm a good guy
Why Lisa? Why? Please talk to me, please!
Why do all women choose their boys?
If they knew what the good boy I am, the women will be tongued from all sides
You are afraid
Graffiti drawing I've seen in Melbourne today
How do good boys think that sex works?
All that time I've respected women, sex with the bollek
So at least give them the proper merit for the men
We all look like kittens here ha ha ha
A kite of my friends
No, all, 1 minute silence for this guy
That hurts, they all saw how this fucking sorry me
I want to be a citizen of Finland (finnish).
Ah well
uh .. yes
Back in the row!
Why?
Good guys end up (finnish) at the end.
thumbs up
Hey, hey, look at this joke: are you finished, - yes i'm Swedish
Yes, be virgin and proud! Because unlike you sexually abusive people, I respect women!
I did not enter my genitals somewhere near you
It is unfortunate with the buzzing ones after much potential
How many would like women not to look at my appearance but to like for what I am
I love you Robert. -Yes, but you're a shem.
It is always the case that good guys go after women who are far better than them
I think this is the problem, I mean NO
They are good boys because they have good intentions in their hearts
Okay, they are not sexually disabled
Mario, you saved me, here's a kiss for thanksgiving
In and over the top of the world filled with the perbindesha princess name
Stripped breasts
I actually said this when I played the last Super Marion
because you do a lot to save him
I said it good enough to be ready to have sex
I should not put this part in the video
What the hell .... What do these mean?
God is. "I'm not the average guy, because I can give you an orgasm that you will never forget"
suspect
I do not lie to women ... Lol
"So you only give birth to males?"
I do not believe in the old concept of meetings, relationships, and marriages
After I clicked your profile I changed my mind
It's okay, what a coincidence! He changed his mind as soon as he was rejected. Very good!
It worked well for both parties
Hi. I'm Stan, I'm fine to meet you
You look very lovely, and I like your very own pretty face. "
20 minutes later ..
Going forward. I can beat you
You let me wait 20 minutes? Arrgggg
I can be a good guy ...
I can be a good guy named Stan, but if I can wait 20 minutes,
Then my anger will be released on you, the word with you
"It's stupid when women say they can not find a man when they ignore me."
"It's like saying you're hungry when the hot dog is on the ground."
This was a good post.
Why drink alcohol or drugs? When I grow taller in respect of women. ]
I also like all the good boys we can feel
It's one of the fun things you can do. Very rewarding.
I love, but I'm not interested, mfal
You're like all the girls ...
filth
You do not need to be irrelevant
"Why are you, you're rude, not a"
"How do I get rude?"
All girls are the same
"Why?"
"You all the rage, betray me, do not give me ..."
Okay what the hell
A good boy, a hitch
I feel this man. You have to give the boy a chance! Good boy deserves a hunch!
I love you very much
"I hope he will betray you, you deserve it, sniffle"
I hope you die
All right now. Tung. I hope you die.
"I think men should post" I do not "to show that most of us are good boys
who would never attack or abuse women. "
On the contrary, we love and honor them!
Yes. Hashtag #UneJo
Someone has thought of this. Oh god. Hashtag #UneJo. Not me. I'm a good guy.
"Hey Anna"
"Did we have an English assignment?"
"No."
"Thank you very much!"
"No problem"
"What do we have?"
"Filling college applications"
"Very well, I see the Flash."
"Are you there?"
"I was focused on my job"
"Can we talk about something?"
"Ok of course"
"Do you want to talk?"
"I can speak"
"Let's talk about movies. What is your favorite?
"Do you like scary movies?"
"What's your favorite scary movie?"
"I think uhhh .. I like Guardians of the galaxy"
"If I was not so aware I would think that you are trying to impress me"
"What?"
"Everyone knows I like super heroes"
Many people like them ...
"It's great that I've got this together. We're very similar if you think so well."
"Are you angry with me?"
"No, why am I angry with you?"
Oh. Well you did not answer so I supposed, I'm sorry
"I'm so busy now"
"Well, when you're not busy ...
"Can you go out to a meeting with me? It will put you in a good night and see a movie."
"I'm not sure if the boyfriend would like this"
"You do not have to be so unkind."
"What do you want?"
"See how you look from within."
"You wrote me briefly throughout this conversation !!"
"I can not do it. It 's hard to be a good guy
"I've respected women 3 times a day. Let me put them in."
"It does not work that way."
It works!
"Irma is a beautiful name. Maybe if I stay ..."
"She'll see my commitment to her and come out to meet me."
"Hurricane"
"My love, how much mascara"
"My lady certainly deserves better! I will always be very respectful!"
"Wow, you're the kindest man I've ever met."
"In fact, too polite!"
"Jooooo"
I devil and my good behavior
Aghhh! Curse me!
I just can not afford to fancy
Because I'm very polite
"What have you excited about?"
"From being shameful and uncomfortable close to the males.
Atatatatatata
How can I do this about me?
Let's see!
I agree. in males we are complete masks, but
But!
I want to put this on - I'm not masquerading
"There are some men who are loving and kind as UNE
"somewhere out there"
If you are a good person, you do not have to struggle so much to obey others
you are a kind person, you just have to be a kind person
Had UNEEEE!
Give it a "like" if you're a nice guy. No matter who you are, if you're a nice guy
This was your presenter, my dear boy Pewdiepie. Now, excuse me until I continue to respect women.
Every day, brother.
Outside Family Team
Do you like frightening movies?
What is your favorite movie scary?